# TikTok Individual Contributor License Agreement v1.1

> Thank you for your interest in open source projects hosted or managed by TikTok Pte. Ltd. ("TikTok"). In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, TikTok must have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of TikTok and its users; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.
> If you are an individual making a submission on your own behalf, you should accept the Individual Contributor License Agreement. If you are making a submission on behalf of a legal entity (the “Corporation”), you should sign the separation Corporate Contributor License Agreement.

1.Definitions.
"Affiliate" shall mean an entity that Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with You or TikTok, respectively (but only as long as such Control exists).
"Control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to TikTok for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by TikTok (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to TikTok or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, TikTok for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."
"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with TikTok. For the avoidance of doubt, the Corporation making a Contribution and all of its Affiliates are considered to be a single Contributor and this CLA shall apply to Contributions Submitted by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates.

2.Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to TikTok and to recipients of software distributed by TikTok a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3.Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to TikTok and to recipients of software distributed by TikTok a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4.You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to TikTok, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with TikTok.

5.You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

6.You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7.Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to TikTok separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8.You agree to notify TikTok of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.

9.You agree that contributions to Projects and information about contributions may be maintained indefinitely and disclosed publicly, including Your name and other information that You submit with your submission.

10.This Agreement is the entire agreement and understanding between the parties, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings or communications, written or oral, between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be assigned by TikTok.
